Added .hashCode() method in Java Strings terms folder (#1825)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/hashCode/hashCode.md

---
Title: '.hashCode()'
Description: 'Returns an integer hash code value for the object on which it is invoked.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`hashCode()`** method returns an integer hash code value for the object on which it is invoked. The hash code for a String object is computed like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.hashCode()`** method returns an integer hash code value for the object on which it is invoked. The hash code for a String object is computed like this:
```

```pseudo

> s[0]*31^(n-1) + s[1]*31^(n-2) + ... + s[n-1]

Reviewer: Can we explain this in a sentence or two?

```

## Syntax

```pseudo
int hashCodeValue = objectName.hashCode();
```

> - `hashCodeValue` is an integer variable that stores the hash code value returned by the .hashCode() method.
> - `objectName` is the object for which we want to obtain the hash code value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hashCodeValue` is an integer variable that stores the hash code value returned by the `.hashCode()` method.
- `objectName` is the object for which we want to obtain the hash code value.
```

Let's refrain from using pronouns like "we" and just the second bullet point accordingly

## Example

The example below demonstrates the use of the `.hashCode()` method:

```java
// Example.java
public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    String str = "codeacademy.com";
    int hashCodeValue = str.hashCode();
    System.out.println(hashCodeValue);
  }
}
```

This outputs the following:

```shell
667975538
```

> **Note:** The hash code value may vary for the same object when the program is executed multiple times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The hash code value may vary for the same object when the program is executed multiple times.
```

> > **Note:** The hash code value may vary for the same object when the program is executed multiple times.

Reviewer: Why is this? Can we include a sentence to explain this

---
Title: '.hashCode()'
Description: 'Returns an integer hash code value for the object on which it is invoked.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.hashCode()`** method returns an integer hash code value for the object on which it is invoked. The hash code for a `String` object is computed as follows:

```pseudo
s[0]*31^(n-1) + s[1]*31^(n-2) + ... + s[n-1]
```

> Where s[i] is the ith character of the string, n is the length of the string, and ^ indicates exponentiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`s[i]` is the `i`-th character of the string, `n` is the length of the string, and `^` indicates exponentiation.
```
